Vikatan. The trump administration has ordered the military to start withdrawing refused 7,000 troops from afghanistan in the coming months. To defence official statistics. Abrupt shift in the 17 year old war there and a decision that start afghan officials. Put the had not been on the planet. President trump made the decision to pull the troops. Khasra number united states has in afghanistan now. At the same time he decided to pull american forces out of syria. Man official site. The announcement came hours after jim mattis the secretary of defence said that he would resign from his position at the end of february of the disagreeing with the president over his approach to policy in the middle east. The point of troop withdrawal and the resignation of mr matches leave a mark iii picture for what is next in the united states longest war. And the comments of gangster has been troubled by spasms of violin afflicting the capital kabul and other important area. The united states has also been conducting talks with the representatives of the taliban. In what officials have described as discussions that could lead to formal talks to end the conflict. Senior afghan officials and dustin diplomas in kabul woke up to the shock of the news on friday morning. And many of them based foki of ahead. Several afghan official often the loop on security planning and decision making. That that the had received no indication in the recent days that the americans would pull the troops out. The fear that mr trump might take a action however often loom the background questions with the united states they said. This on the abrupt decision as a further sign that voices from the ground was lacking in the debate over the war and that with mr mr mat is ignition afghanistan had lost one of the last influential voices in washington to channel that reality of the conflict into the white house celebration. The president long campaigned on breaking through phone. But it 2017 at the request of mr machis ki begrudgingly flies an additional 4000 troops to the afghan campaign to try to hasten. An end to the conflict. Do pentagon officials have said that the influx of forces coupled with a more aggressive their campaign was helping the war effort afghan forces continue to take nearly unsustainable level of casualties and lose ground to the taleban. The new american effort in 2017 was the first step in ensuring afghan forces could become more independent without a set timeline for withdrawal. But with plans to quickly reduce the number of american troops in the country it is unclear if the afghans can hold their own against increasingly aggressive taleban. Currently american air strike for reply was not seen the in the height of the war. When tens of thousands of american troops were spread throughout the country. The air support. Official se consists mostly of popping up. Afghan troops while they try to hold territory from a resurgent taliban. 