Washington administration has ordered the military to start withdrawing roughly 7,000 troops from afghanistan in the coming months to defense officials said thursday. Seventeen-year-olds warther and a decision that stunned afghan officials. Who said they had not been briefed on the plans. President trump made a decision to pull the troops about the united states at the same time he decided to. American forces out of syria one official said. The announcement came hours after jim mattis the secretary of defense. Fantasy would resign from his position at the end of february after disagreeing with the president over his approach to policy in the middle east. The whirlwind of troop withdrawals in thigh. Resignation of mr. mattis leaves a picture for what is next in the united states longest war and they come in afghanistan has been troubled by spasms of violence affecting the capital kabul. Another important areas. The united states has also been conducting talks with representatives of the taliban. In what officials have described as discussions that can lead to formal talks to end the conflict. Senior afghan officials and western diplomats and friday. Morning as many of embraced for chaos ahead. Several afghan officials security planning and decision-making. The fear that mr. x might take impulsive actions however often loomed in the background of discussions with united states. They said. They saw the abrupt decision as a further sign that voices from the ground we're lacking in the debate over the war and that was mr. madison's resignation. Afghanistan had lost one of the last influential voices in washington putano the reality of the conflict into the white house's deliberations. The presidential campaign on bringing troops. Home button 2017 at the request of mr. modi has he been clutching we pledged an additional four. 000 troops to the afghan campaign to try to hasten into the conflict. Are pentagon officials have said the influx of forces coupled with a more aggressive their campaign was helping the war. Leopard afghan forces continue to take nearly unsustainable levels of casualties and lose ground to the taliban. The renewed american effort in 2017 was the first step in ensuring afghan forces could become. The more independent without a set timeline for a withdrawal. Don't we plan to quickly reduce the number of american troops in the country it is unclear if the afghans can hold their own against an increasingly aggressive taliban. Currently. American airstrikes are at levels not seen since the height of the war when tens of thousands of american troops were spread throughout the country. Why their support officials say consists mostly of propping up afghan troops while they try to hold territory from a resurgent taliban. 