Washington the tempest ministration has awarded the military to start withdrawing roughly 7610 in the coming months to defence officials said thursday. 17. Open brief on the client. The decision to about half the number the united states is canvas time now at the same time he decided to. Infosys senior official said. After jaynagar the secretary of defence. After disagreeing with the president of the crowd to see in the middle east. Zinda. Resignation of mr natak lekhan related to what is next in the united states longest war in afghanistan has been troubled by spasm of setting the capital. Conducting with representatives of the taleban. This guide is discussions that is l for not talk to end the contract. Self and best indefinite and carbon capture the shock in the news on friday. Morning igneous embrace the chaos head. Officials of mutant security planning and decision-making said they had received no indication in recent days but the americans good bottle cloud. Best health by taking that the weather of the government in the background of discussions with the united states. Thanks add. Decision as a further sign that voices from the ground for walking in the end of the war and that with mr medicines resignation. Last one to the last influence of oasis in washington and all the reality of the conflict into the white house is the vibrations. The president a non twin troops. Current 2017 at the request of mr murder 2004. 2018 into the contract. Fz parts of forces with a more aggressive and was helping the war. Afghan forces contribute to the levels of casualties and crown to the taleban. American president 2017 was the first century afghan forces kritika. More independent without timeline for withdrawal. Exercise to quickly reduce the number of the american troops in the country it is unclear if we can scan hotel against an increasingly aggressive taleban. Wwe. New strikes are not seen since the height of the war with tens of thousands of the american troops were spread throughout the country. Ford official se clear skin fruits from the research in taleban. 