PEC was established in 1921 in Mughalpura, a suburb of Lahore, Punjab, erstwhile British India as the Mughalpura Technical College. In 1923, the name was changed to Maclagan Engineering College to honour Sir Edward Maclagan, the then Governor of Punjab, who laid the foundation stone of the building.[2] In 1939, the name was again changed to Punjab College of Engineering and Technology.[3]

In 1932 the institution became affiliated with the University of Punjab for awarding a bachelor's degree in engineering. After partition in 1947, the college was relocated to Roorkee in India and was renamed East Punjab College of Engineering. In the year 1950, the word East was dropped. Towards the end of December 1953, the college shifted to its present campus in Chandigarh as an affiliated campus of Panjab University.[4] In 1966, with the formation of the Union Territory of Chandigarh, the college came under the control of the Government of India through the Chandigarh Administration. In October 2003, the Government of India recognized the college as a Deemed University and thereafter it became known as Punjab Engineering College (Deemed University). In 2009, the Board of Governors renamed the institution as PEC University of Technology.[5] However, as per a recent notification released by the University Grants Commission (India), the institution has been ordered to drop the word "University" from its name. The institute has reverted to its former name Punjab Engineering College (Deemed-to-be-University).

In 1994 this institution was adjudged the best technical college in India by the National Foundation of Engineers.[citation needed] It occupies an area of 146 acres. Up to 1962, the college consisted of three departments of Civil, Electrical and Mechanical Engineering. Thereafter the college expanded and offers Bachelor of Engineering degrees in various specializations.

Highway Engineering was the first post-graduate course offered by the college, commencing in 1957. Presently there are twelve post-graduate courses leading to a Masters of Engineering degree. Facilities for post-graduate studies exist for regular as well as for part-time students. The college has facilities for research work leading to the award of the PhD degree in engineering in certain selected fields of different disciplines. The college also offers consultancy services in different disciplines.[5]
